Dad, I’m not going to hide it anymore. In fact, I already know him.
What did that kid just say? Who is he?
Who? That's how you describe it. Anyway, he is Long Shen.
Why don't you say you are a god?
In your movie, do you think you have exposed the character Long Shen?
We will help you, right?
Even if the King of Heaven has arrived today!
Are you going to die if I die?
Why don't you just have any letters? What's the point of talking to him?
We also killed each other
One or two hundred seconds
no one listens
Who took his dog head?
Three Seasons of Guan Sheng
Tell me if you will make ten million
Who dares to make tens of millions?
Help his whole family
He's from the Dragon Temple
Isn’t Master Qianwu gone?
Let's come back
I don’t think I’d like to invite Mr. Long
the other two
It's the Dragon God Temple
will have the right to fire
What is he doing?
Longhaidian strength match
Give him all my help